Add Nimbus and Erigon guide (#408)
gnosischain/documentation: docs/node/guide/execution/_partials/_install_el_erigon.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs className="tabgroup-with-label network-tabgroup" groupId="network" defaultValue="gnosis" values={[
{label: 'Gnosis', value: 'gnosis'},
{label: 'Chiado', value: 'chiado'}
]}>
<TabItem value="gnosis">
<Tabs className="tabgroup-with-label os-tabgroup" groupId="os" defaultValue="others" values={[
{label: 'Linux, MacOS, Arm64', value: 'others'},
{label: 'Windows', value: 'win'}
]}>
<TabItem value="others">

> :::danger
> [Erigon](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon#documentation) is not ready for production use. Please consider switching to Nethermind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
[Erigon](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon#documentation) is considered experimental for Gnosis. For production use, please consider Nethermind.
```
